Pitch: Link travels to the eastmost peninsula and finds that the final enemy is the old man himself. The dungeon was created by him 
and he possesses a combination of all the attacks from the varying enemies. Link engages in a fight with the old man who goes through
several phases of powering himself up with more varied movements and unique attack combinations. The levels increase in complexity and 
obstacles. The first level is an open room. The second one contains a lot of walls blocking Link's movements but not the old man's. 
The third is a combination of fire obstacles and static blademasters. The old man is able to summon monsters to his aid. 

New Mechanic Pitch: The old man can embody enemy attacks and summon them to his aid. His first phase allows him to move
like the stalfos and throw boomerangs like the goriya and attack like the aquamentus. In his second phase, his movements become more sporadic and he is able to 
fly through obstacles like keese. In his third phase, the old man summons various monsters as he gets more damaged 
and becomes increasingly powerful.

This new level tests the player's knowledge and skills gained from dealing with previous enemies. All of the attacks have been 
experienced before so there shouldn't be anything new in terms of that. However, the attacks combined create unique damage sequences
that the player must be prepared for. 

This new level engages the player's creative problem solving skills. The old man can summon a unique combination of monsters
that the user must handle. He also becomes increasingly sporadic in his movement, testing the players
reaction speeds. The player must utilize his or her understanding of these mechanics to dodge and fight back. 

The old man's skills begin with very easy movements and attacks. The player should quickly realize that he is using attacks
from the monsters in the dungeon. In each successive phase the player discovers the old man gains new skills, that are "stronger" but are all familiar,
this provides a very linear progression and understanding of the battle mechanics. 

Daniel Zheng Portfolio: Danielbzheng.com